readme.md, before:

# Human backup

Recreate Stendahls' web at https://www.stendahls.se/ .

Use our live pages as a sketch to start rewriting our web. How far you get, how your result looks and functions does not matter.

What matters is how you write your code and structure it.

### Goals and tips

- Do our start page first.
- Prefer to do a little bit of everything; HTML, JS, CSS, etc.
- Split the code into components and add structure where the repo needs.
- Write and add structure so that it would be easy for another person to take over your work.
- Make commits in Git with commit messages.
- Stuff should work in major browsers and both on desktop and mobile.
- Hard code everything.
- Copy content from our pages.
- Please feel free to copy code from our pages as well, however code in the repo should be used, easy to read, and make sense.
- We have created a component for you to help you start out, the Navbar component. It shows you how to structure a component and also how to use it in the app. You dont _have to_ use the premade component, but if you do, note that the component is not finished, so it's up to you to make it look nicer.<br>
  _**note**_: _the navbar component is not the main focus here, it was simply created to show you the structure of a component and how to use it. Focus on the whole solution rather than "just" fixing the navbar._

### Do not

- Do not get stuck on polishing.
- Do not get stuck on tooling, ops or deployment.

Commit message:

Added get started section to readme

readme.md, after:

# Human backup

Recreate Stendahls' web at https://www.stendahls.se/ .

Use our live pages as a sketch to start rewriting our web. How far you get, how your result looks and functions does not matter.

What matters is how you write your code and structure it.

### Goals and tips
- Do our start page first.
- Prefer to do a little bit of everything; HTML, JS, CSS, etc.
- Split the code into components and add structure where the repo needs.
- Write and add structure so that it would be easy for another person to take over your work.
- Make commits in Git with commit messages.
- Stuff should work in major browsers and both on desktop and mobile.
- Hard code everything.
- Copy content from our pages.
- Please feel free to copy code from our pages as well, however code in the repo should be used, easy to read, and make sense.

### Do not
- Do not get stuck on polishing.
- Do not get stuck on tooling, ops or deployment.

### Get started
We have created a component for you to help you start out, the Navbar component. It shows you how to structure a component and also how to use it in the app. You don't _have to_ use the pre-made component, but if you do, note that the component is not finished, so it's up to you to make it look nicer.<br>
_**Note**_: _the navbar component is not the main focus here, it was simply created to show you the structure of a component and how to use it. Focus on the whole solution rather than "just" fixing the navbar._

First, install node packages by running:
```
npm install
```

Then, start the local dev service by running:
```
npm run dev
```
